In this project, we need to design and implement a sudoku solution validator by using multithreads. After careful consideration, I divide the project into four parts. The first part is responsible for getting the 81 digits of the sudoku from the given file. The second part involves all the eleven thread functions. The last part is used to create these threads and terminate them after their operation. The last part is the main() function.
Firstly, I design the read_data() function to get the digits from the “sudoku.txt” file. I use fopen() function to read the file. If the return value is NULL, the program will print a error message to state that the file cannot be opened. And as the digits are assumed to be in a continuous line and every pair of digits are separated by one space. Then I use the fcanf() function to get the digits and store them one by one in a two-dimension array called data[9][9]. 
Secondly, I need to design the thread functions which are essential for creating the required threads. The first thread function is used to check each row of the sudoku or array. I set a group of flags called flag[10] to record whether the digits from one to nine exist in the row. If a digit is in the row, the flag of it will set to be 1. If not, the flag will be 0. And I also use a flag called err to record whether there are missing digits in a row. If so, it will print some information about the row. Afterwards, the program checks the flags of the nine digits and print the missing digits. Mutual exclusion lock is put in the function to prevent the threads write the flags at the same time. The second thread function which is used for checking the columns is similar to the first one.  In order to check the nine 3*3 sub grids, I design the checksquare() function. It has two variables, row and column, to indicate the position of the sub grid. The checking approach is similar to how to examine a row or column. From the third thread function to the eleventh thread function, they are almost the same, except that they have different values of the row and column variables. Mutual exclusion lock is also needed.
Thirdly, I create the eleven threads by the pthread_create() function. If there is failure in creating a thread, an error message will be print. The wait_thread() function can ensure that the main function ends after all the threads terminate.
Lastly, the main() function is very simple. After initializing the mutual exclusion lock, the designed functions are put in it to realize the validating of the sudoku solution. If there is no missing digit or error in the sudoku, a message will be print to tell the sudoku is valid. 
The running results of the program show that all required functions works successfully.
